{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Galveston\
\
Restaurants:\
\
My own list.\
1. ShyKatz \'97\'a0there is people who lives on the island for 5 years and never been here. It\'92s breakfast and bakery place. Very delicious (never had bad tasting food here). Although it\'92s not the best place if you\'92re in the rush \'97\'a0kitchen takes their sweet time. It\'92s perfect if you\'92re just enjoying your time and not in the hurry. Opens very early (7:00 at weekdays, 8:00 at weekends, but closes at \uc0\u8776 15:00)\
Location: 16 street and Ave L\
\
2. SunFlower bakery and cafe \'97 one of most popular places on the island. Everyone lover their food. It\'92s good IMHO but not as good as people say. Everything is house made and super fresh. If bakery stuff isn\'92t sold they just throw it away (seen it personally) \'97 so everything same day made.\
Location: 14 street and Post Office\
\
3. Farley Girls Cafe \'97 it\'92s favorite place of few general managers from restaurants (and they know what they\'92re talking about). My own experience \'97 very good but again, I don\'92t understand what is so special about this place.\
Location: \uc0\u8776 9 street and Post Office\
\
4. Willie G\'92s \'97 fancy and pricey white tablecloth restaurant. Owned by Landry\'92s inc. One of the best stakes I ever tried. One of the best seafood I tried. Can do almost anything for you if they have ingredients (for certain price, of course).\
Location: 21 street and Harbor Side drive (Pier 21)\
 \
5. Pho20 \'97 Vietnamese white tablecloth but not pricey at all place. Delicious asian food. One of the best pho soups I tried.\
Location: 21 street and Broadway\
\
6. China Sea \'97 Chinese to-go-style place. Food is good and very cheap. Simple and clean place. You can see cooks cooking and like half of the kitchen.\
Location: 43 street and Broadway\
\
7. Olympia Grill (pier 21) \'97\'a0Greek casual restaurant. People love this place, food is good and considerable not pricey. Friendly management, nice owners. Easy to work place. You can see front kitchen. Very clean place (used to work here). One of the best happy hours at Galveston.\
Location: 21 street and Harbor Side drive (Pier 21)\
\
8. Original Mexican cafe \'97 the biggest amount of food, not pricey and very good tasting. Pretty famous.\
Location: 14 street and Market ave.\
\
9. Skybar \'97 sushi place. Good, not pricey. Reverse happy hour on Saturdays (22:00 till 00:00). Usually can order sushi by pieces (around same price as roll, but you can try more variations for same price)\
Location: 21 street and Post Office\
\
10. Yamatos \'97 sushi place. Good and not pricey. Has good choice of Japanese dishes and sushi. Has \'93cooking table\'94 (when chef cooks in front of you).\
Location: 61 street and \uc0\u8776 Ave L\
\
11. Stuttgarden \'97 my favorite German style tavern. 50 draft beers. House made bratwursts. N}